[Table_header2]
Charles Zhuang 庄怀超
SFC CE: BTE209
微信: zhuangcharles; 电话: (852) 9748 7114;

环球富盛理财有限公司

11 Jun 2026

中船特气 Peric Special Gases (688146.SH)
国内电子特气领先企业，拥有全球最大六氟化钨生产基地
Leading domestic enterprise in electronic specialty gases & World’s largest tungsten hexafluoride production base

最新动态
➢

集成电路配套产业扩张，电子特气国产化率与产能双提升。随着国内晶圆厂密集扩产，电子特气作为半导
体制造中的“血液”需求激增。中船特气牵头开展中央企业创新联合体建设，聚合高校、科研院、行业上下
游所等科技创新资源，加速关键材料的协同攻关，提升我国电子特气自主可控能力。与此同时，以中船特
气为例，呼和浩特子公司一期项目投产，新增 7500 吨三氟化氮、10000 吨超纯氨气产能，25 年投资建设
了年产 3383 吨高纯硫化氢等电子气体建设项目，建成后将新增 3383 吨/年 51 种电子气体生产能力，整体
电子特气供应能力进一步提升。

➢

持续优化建设项目管理体系，加速重点产能项目建设。产能建设方面，肥乡分公司年产 150 吨高纯电子气
体项目持续稳定运行；年产 170 吨高纯电子气体项目、年产 250 吨三氟甲磺酸扩建项目、年经营 500 吨硅
烷项目均取得试生产许可意见，达到预定可使用状态。技术分公司完成高纯钨粉装置和前驱体实验平台建
设。呼和浩特子公司高纯电子气体项目（一期）部分产品取得安全生产许可证，截至 2026 年 4 月，中船
特气超高纯三氟化氮产能达 18500 吨/年，超纯氨产能达 10000 吨/年；上海子公司电子特气和先进材料生
产及研发项目已完成厂房主体建设并进入试生产调试阶段。完成了淮安子公司收购工作，公司产品品类进
一步增加电子大宗气体。

动向解读
➢

公司为国内最早开始从事电子特种气体研发和产业化的单位之一。根据 Linx Consulting 数据显示，在
2024 年集成电路电子特种气体领域，中船特气销售收入全球排名第九，国内排名第一。截至 2026 年 4 月，
公司已建有三氟化氮产能 18500 吨、六氟化钨产能 2000 吨，产能位居国内、世界前列。高端产品突破带
动行业话语权提升，公司部分光刻气分别通过 ASML 子公司 Cymer、日本 GIGAPHOTON 合格供应商认
证。公司三氟甲磺酸系列产品全球覆盖 90%以上客户，整体市场容量占有率合计约 70%，三氟甲磺酸、三
氟甲磺酸酐、三氟甲磺酸三甲基硅酯、双（三氟甲磺酰）亚胺锂、三氟甲磺酸锂产能位居世界前列。2025
年，公司销售量增加带动三氟化氮和三氟甲磺酸产量较上年同期上升。

➢

公司拥有全球最大六氟化钨产能生产基地。超高纯六氟化钨主要应用于大规模集成电路化学气相沉积工艺，
其沉积形成的钨导体膜用于通孔和接触孔，硅化钨则可以制作低电阻、高熔点的互连线。此外，六氟化钨
可用于钢表面镀膜，改变钢表面性能。公司拥有全球最大产能生产基地，截止到报告期末，公司拥有 2000
吨六氟化钨年产能。产品多年来稳定供应台积电、美光、海力士、英飞凌、铠侠、格罗方德、中芯国际、
长江存储、长鑫存储、华虹集团、华润集团等国内外集成电路知名客户，客户覆盖广泛，成为该产品的全
球主流供应商。

风险提示
➢

行业周期与下游需求风险、市场竞争风险、原材料、供应链与地缘政治风险。

See the last page for disclaimer

1

[Table_header2]

分析师介绍
分析师庄怀超，拥有北京航空航天大学本科学位和香港大学金融学硕士学位，主
要覆盖能源化工和材料行业。
该分析师 2022-2024 年曾任职于海通国际研究部，团队 2022 年获得过亚洲货币第
一名，该分析师 2025 年加入环球富盛理财有限公司。环球富盛理财有限公司是
一家香港的持牌券商机构，成立于 2014 年。
该分析师曾在 wind 发布报告超过 700 篇，对 A 股化工标的全面覆盖，主要覆盖
标的包括：
1）化工&化肥：巴斯夫（BASF）、沙特基础工业（SABIC）、空气化工产品公司
（Air Products and Chemicals）、法国液空集团（Air Liquide）、富美实（FMC）、
立邦（Nippon Paint）、沙索（Sasol）、东岳集团、环球新材国际、中国联塑、阜
丰集团、中国三江化工、浦林成山、中海石油化学、中国旭阳集团、龙蟠科技、
彩客新能源、天德化工、中国心连心化肥、中化化肥、米高集团、大成生化科
技、味丹国际；
2）能源&公用事业：新纪元能源（NextEra Energy）、沙特阿美（Saudi
Aramco）、挪威国家石油（Equinor）、巴西石油（Petrobras）、中国海洋石油、
中创新航、中集安瑞科、新奥能源、中国电力、长江基建集团、中国能源建设、
中煤能源、宏华集团、中海油田服务、安东油田服务、惠生工程、协合新能源、
北京能源国际、绿色动力环保、中国光大绿色环保、首钢资源、山高新能源、新
特能源、中裕能源、北京燃气蓝天、达力普控股；
3）有色&材料：中国宏桥、中国有色矿业、紫金黄金国际、万国黄金集团、潼关
黄金、中国罕王、中广核矿业、稀美资源、首佳科技、信义光能、华新水泥、华
润建材科技、大明国际。
微信：zhuangcharles
邮箱：charles.zhuang@gpf.com.hk
电话：(852) 97487114; (86) 18801353537

See the last page for disclaimer

2

COMPANY
RATING DEFINITION
[Table_disclaimer]
The Benchmark: Hong Kong Hang Seng Index
Time Horizon: 6 to 18 months
Rating
Definition
Buy

买入

Accumulate

收集

Neutral

中性

Reduce

减持

Sell

卖出

Relative Performance>15%;
or the fundamental outlook of the Company or sector is favorable.
Relative Performance is 5% to 15%;
or the fundamental outlook of the Company or sector is favorable.
Relative Performance is -5% to 5%;
or the fundamental outlook of the Company or sector is neutral.
Relative Performance is -5% to -15%;
or the fundamental outlook of the Company or sector is unfavorable.
Relative Performance < -15%;
or the fundamental outlook of the Company or sector is unfavorable.

SECTOR RATING DEFINITION
The Benchmark: Hong Kong Hang Seng Index
Time Horizon: 6 to 18 months
Rating

Definition

Outperform

跑赢大市

Neutral

中性

Underperform

跑输大市

Relative Performance>5%;
or the fundamental outlook of the sector is favorable.
Relative Performance is -5% to 5%;
or the fundamental outlook of the sector is neutral.
Relative Performance<-5%;
Or the fundamental outlook of the sector is unfavorable.

DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS
(1) The Analysts and their associates do not serve as an officer of the issuer mentioned in this Research Report.
(2) The Analysts and their associates do not have any financial interests in relation to the issuer mentioned in this Research Report.
(3) Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited and/or its subsidiaries do not hold equal to or more than 1% of the market capitalization of
the issuer mentioned in this Research Report.
(4) Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited and/or its subsidiaries have not had investment banking relationships with the issuer
mentioned in this Research Report within the preceding 12 months.
(5) Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited and/or its subsidiaries are not making a market in the securities in respect of the issuer
mentioned in this Research Report.
(6) Global Prosperity Financial Company Limitedand/or its subsidiaries have not employed an individual serving as an officer of the issuer
mentioned in this Research Report. There is no officer of the issuer mentioned in this Research Report associated with Global Prosperity
Financial Company Limited and/or its subsidiaries.
DISCLAIMER
This Research Report does not constitute an invitation or offer to acquire, purchase or subscribe for securities by Global Prosperity Financial
Company Limited. Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited and its group companies may do business that relates to companies covered
in research reports, including investment banking, investment services, etc. (for example, the placing agent, lead manager, sponsor,
underwriter or invest proprietarily).
Any opinions expressed in this report may differ or be contrary to opinions or investment strategies expressed orally or in written form by sales
persons, dealers and other professional executives of Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited group of companies. Any opinions
expressed in this report may differ or be contrary to opinions or investment decisions made by the asset management and investment banking
groups of Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited.
Though best effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information and data contained in this Research Report, Global Prosperity
Financial Company Limited does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information and data herein. This Research Report
may contain some forward-looking estimates and forecasts derived from the assumptions of the future political and economic conditions with
inherently unpredictable and mutable situation, so uncertainty may contain. Investors should understand and comprehend the investment
objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
This Research Report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located
in any jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would
subject Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited and its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such
jurisdiction.
© 2025 Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited. All Rights Reserved.
Unit 2301, 23/F., 308 Central Des Voeux, 308 Des Voeux Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong

3

